There are a lot of things on the resume which brings me to the point of not discussing them again. What is so important is to tell you what I am off the resume. I am just another girl with a dream of doing something in the tech industry. In my tenure of college, it was my will to learn something that drove me to the point of attending workshops and tech events. Despite being a noob in the initial days of the college, my participation in hackathons is a proof of my ability to take risks and work in a team. In fact, I ended up wining prizes in some of them eventually.
In NIT-Delhi hackathon 2017, I had created an android application "Red Aid" to help blood donors accross the country to register so that they can be contacts in times of need of blood by patients. The prototype not only bagged second prize in that hackathon but also got rolled out in DIC-MHRD cell of our college for further development. Currently, our application is in collaboration with PGIMER, Chandigarh serving those in need.
As time passed by, my small ventures in the field of data science developed in me the interest to pursue it. I joined in the DIC lab of our college as an intern to work on the projects on big data. Working on data science projects like code switching, NLP and analysis of DDOS attacks, I am looking forward to contribute my part in this field even more.
Data Science is the second most important thing I enjoy, the first being tea.
I am passionate and professional. Not just technically, I have actually found myself growing in every sphere of my life. With time, I have learnt about people, emotions and relations that only made me stronger. I have dealt with every situation of my life positively. I am actually the kind of person you can have a cup of tea with when making plans of travelling. My circle can probably give you the idea of my cordial behaviour and helpful nature. Summing up everything, I am resource worth investing in!
